all right what I got here is a
bombardier it's a CD 97 GS I'm going to
show you where to find the rectifier
regulator I've had a hard time finding
this and couldn't find any videos on
YouTube to show where the location is so
today I'm going to show you where it's
at I looked in here originally and I
pulled this electrical box out thinking
it was in there well that's not works at
so let me show you where it's up lift up
the front of the hood here take this box
out and you look down sorry I'm try to
get this where you can see it alright
you see this right here this would be
your rectifier right here how to bolt
out already but it was folded right here
and it plugs in right there so just undo
this clip here pull it out and there's
your rectifier so it was I spent a lot
of time trying to look for this thing it
was getting really aggravating and
pretty simple after I found where it was
so also I went online it's got a product
number right here if you can see it or
not it's kind of blurry can get it to
zoom in but anyways I'm typing the
product number and I found it online it
was on $50 so I have the same up and
running in no time
this is uh then the problem for all
along now so I'm anxious to get it back
out on wait alright I hope this helps
out bye
you